---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-03T16:13:20.219Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-03T14:16:50.170Z'
title: Personal
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-03-c23dbe09-03bf-4ad1-be7e-30ccbdc3f5af.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: c23dbe09-03bf-4ad1-be7e-30ccbdc3f5af/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Personal

I was born on February 9th, 1978 in Wilrijk (Belgium). I spent my elementary and highschool years at the [Onze-Lieve Vrouwecollege][0]in Antwerp from which I graduated in 1996 with a degree in Latin-Mathematics. My most important hobby at that time was Judo, which I also thaught to small children (age 5-9). I also played the flute for a few years. My intrest for both hobbies faded when I left for university, and although I have considered restarting Judo, I haven't found the time so far. In 1996, I left the beautiful city of Antwerp to continue my education at the University of Leuven from which I obtained a master in computer engineering (June 2001), Bachelor in Economics (September 2006) and a PhD in Applied Science: Computer Science (March 2007). As a computer engineer, one of my primary hobbies is of course computers and everything that surrounds them. I'm also an avid traveller and try to leave Europe at least once every year and see a lot of movies, both from my own DVD collection and in the theatre. I play squash, read a lot and, last but not least, enjoy playing magic the gathering immensely although I do find myself stressed for time more and more since I started working at Qmino.

Some trivia:

* _Favorite book ever:_The truth machine by James Halperin. The book is science fiction in the very short term and written in the 90s, and due to its many references to current-day society it probably ages badly: many of the predictions made in the book never came true, but I loved the book immensely.
* _Favorite writer:_Michael Crichton and Frederick Forsythe
* _Favorite movies:_Forrest Gump (simply_brilliant_), Memento, The future of my success and The Matrix.
* _Favorite actors:_Johnny Depp, Edward Norton,
* _Best vacation:_Absolute Peru (November 2008, G.A.P. adventures)
* _Favorite music:_Within Temptation, The Killers, Linkin Park, Roxette, Amy MacDonald and Savage Garden
* _Favorite city:_Chicago, Vancouver

Last three books:

* Twilight series - LOVED them :)
* Dan brown - The lost symbol (I liked it better than The Da Vinci code but found it worse than Angels & Demons)
* Currently: John Grisham - The summons (so far only so so, but I'm not that far yet.)

[0]: http://olvc.telenet.be/